Fix URL schemes in VMware cloud-init (#2524)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_using-vmware-cloud-init-and-userdata-templates-for-provisioning.adoc

datasource_list: [NoCloud]
datasource:
  NoCloud:
    seedfrom: http://{foreman-example-com}/userdata/
EOM
----
+

> If you intend to provision through {SmartProxyServer}, use the URL of your {SmartProxyServer} in the `seedfrom` option, such as `http://_{smartproxy-example-com}_:8000/userdata/`.

Reviewer: Perhaps this is the problem? port 8000 is HTTP, but there's HTTPS as well:
```suggestion
If you intend to provision through {SmartProxyServer}, use the URL of your {SmartProxyServer} in the `seedfrom` option, such as `https://_{smartproxy-example-com}_:{smartproxy_port}/userdata/`.
```

> # wget -O /etc/pki/ca-trust/source/anchors/cloud-init-ca.crt http://_{foreman-example-com}_/pub/katello-server-ca.crt

Reviewer: If you use HTTP,. then this step looks useless.

----
+

> If you intend to provision through {SmartProxyServer}, download the file from the URL of your {SmartProxyServer}, such as `http://_{smartproxy-example-com}_/pub/katello-server-ca.crt`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you intend to provision through {SmartProxyServer}, download the file from your {SmartProxyServer}, such as `http://_{smartproxy-example-com}_/pub/katello-server-ca.crt`.
```
